[Music]
welcome to part two of our must-have psp
rpg series if your favorite game isn't
on the list it's most likely included in
part one there'll be a link to that
video
in the description below
[Music]
p of heaven is an oriental themed action
rpg
that went by largely unnoticed upon its
release the narrative sees five clans
vying for power over the region in which
it is set
with players assuming the role of a man
known as shinbu who is a member of one
of these clans you are tasked with
retrieving
several swords from each of them in
order to become a master and as you
would expect with most action rpgs
you'll find yourself taking on a
range of enemies acquiring items through
exploration as well as leveling up and
upgrading the huge amount of weapons and
armor that are at your disposal but
where key of heaven truly shines is
within its fighting system it's
surprisingly deep
and allows the player to chain combos
together and learn new strings by
combining various forms of scrolls
key of heaven is a true must-have on psp
everyone should play this game as it
offers up one of the finest experiences
available on the system
[Music]
grow lancer is an rpg that excels in the
many elements that comprise the genre
its narrative world and gameplay
all come together to create something
truly unique and special that is bound
to satisfy fans expectations and in some
cases even surpass them the story
centers around a young man known as
kremenam
and four warring factions that comprise
the world as a whole it all starts off
quite innocently but soon evolves into a
tale that sees the fate of the entire
world in its population in the balance
with nearly 40 separate character
endings and three defined routes in
which the game can be completed it
promotes subsequent playthroughs that
really helps the overall replay value of
the game it's essentially a tactical rpg
but unlike most it doesn't see your
party occupying a grid during battle you
are completely free to move around
and strategically place each character
to perform a wide range of abilities
these abilities all revolve around
something known as the ring weapon
system that dictates which skills can be
learned
allowing the player to experiment with a
wide range of options before settling
upon something that suits them best with
its complex and compelling story
thoughtful gameplay and catchy
soundtrack relaxer is well worth picking
up if you're looking for a new rpg to
get into
[Music]
while dance xf is not your typical
strategy rpg most games of its kind
require one and only one
real tactical decision that being to
destroy all the enemies on the map at
any cost
xf on the other hand requires you to
think on a whole new level mainly due to
its difficulty that at times can become
quite frustrating
if i'm being honest but by taking
advantage of the whole spectrum of
abilities at your call
it truly comes into its own and demands
that the player take their time with
each and every situation
instead of just mindlessly attacking to
game victory visually the experience is
quite simple in its presentation
but in my eyes quite effective in
conveying its world and the several
characters in which you meet
the bright and colorful nature really
adds a certain charm to reach
environment
unit and npc which all receive the same
level of 11k
that results in an instantly
recognizable style that the adventure
can call its own
to sum it up if you're looking for a
run-of-the-mill strategy rpg
wildams xf will not be for you however
if you require a challenging rewarding
and thought-provoking adventure to lose
yourself with him xf
is more than up to the task
brave story new traveler is an rpg that
introduces players to a young man named
tatsuya after his friend succumbs to a
mysterious illness he is visited by a
voice that grants him the opportunity to
save her you are tasked with locating
five gems scattered throughout this
kingdom in order to restore your
to good health now the first thing that
will strike many are the incredible
visuals that really show what the psp
was capable of when in the hands of the
right developers
each character location and enemy all
come to life in a way that helps the
experience excel
gameplay-wise it is your standard rpg
fair with battles playing out in a
turn-based fashion
as you would expect a whole range of
abilities are afforded to each party
member who can all be leveled up over
the course of the adventure and catered
to your specific style of play through
the skills in which they can learn but
the standout combat feature has to be
something known as unity skills which
allow the player to team up with party
members and unleash devastating amounts
of damage upon the enemy for those that
love turn-based rpgs intoxicating
visuals
and smooth animations you simply just
have to get a hold of this game
[Music]
the adventure begins with players
assuming the role of a young prince
known as petro
after learning the fate of his long-lost
mother he sets out on a journey to
ultimately find her
and reunite now the narrative has to be
the standout aspect of the experience
it deals with overcoming difficulties
making friends
and essentially growing up but that's
not all that gets right the gameplay
delivers as well the entire kingdom is
your playground it is absolutely huge
and is home to a wide range of locations
as well as meaningful npcs that flesh
out the backstory but where it truly
comes into its own is within battle
which is all turn-based in nature and
empowers the player with a whole host of
both magical
and physical based attacks there's a ton
to learn and unlock throughout the
journey and it's sure to keep fans of
the genre as well as newcomers alike are
completely satisfied
[Music]
the third birthday is the third entry in
the parasite eve series that began life
on the original playstation it is a
stark
contrast to the original adventures and
instead presents itself as an
over-the-shoulder shooter but retains
many of the rpg aspects that was so
prevalent in the previous iterations
you once again take on the role of ayah
with the adventure being broken up into
a series of missions that can be
replayed over and
over again at the end of each you
receive a score that determines how many
bounty points you have earned for your
troubles
these points are essentially a currency
that can be spent on further upgrading
your weapons and equipment
it all helps even the odds against the
onslaught of enemies that come your way
you'll be earning xp for not only aya
but each and every weapon in your
possession and through the use of
several items known as oeclipse
new statistical boosts and abilities can
also be learned which help you evolve
via into a character
that suits your style and these
abilities will be coming in handy as the
gameplay is truly frantic and due to the
psp setup it can be quite tricky at
first but it all soon falls into place
with an automatic
lock-on system that manages to make life
a lot easier although never reaching the
highest of the first entries the third
birthday is still a great adventure that
should be experienced by
anyone looking for a challenging but
rewarding rpg
[Music]
innocent sin on the psp is a retelling
of the original playstation version of
persona 2. i myself being a huge fan of
the series only recently managed to play
it and i for one can gladly recommend it
is not only a great entry in the
franchise but one of the best rpgs on
the system to boot
it all revolves around the young man
known as tatsuya a high school student
who along with a group of friends gets
pulled into a dark
and at times disturbing adventure by a
villainous character
known as the joker the narrative is
quite possibly one of the best aspects
of the experience so i don't want to say
too much in case i spoil a few but rest
assured it will not disappoint
like any rpg though gameplay is the most
fundamental aspect to its success and
innocent sin
excels in this department as well it all
revolves around the use of demon-like
creatures known as personas in battle
and something known as the rumor system
outside of fighting that has the
potential to steer events in the
character's favor
like other entries in the series these
personas can be fused together to make
even more powerful allies to aid you in
return-based battles that soon becomes
one of the most intriguing parts of the
adventure
spending hours upon hours to ultimately
build an unstoppable team
is quite easily one of the finest
aspects of the experience and with so
many possibilities
you'll always be finding something new
if you're a fan of the series but have
never gone back to see how it all
started
innocent sin is the perfect way to do so
[Music]
tales of eternia is a remake of the
playstation 1 game that unfortunately
never got a chance to shine the
adventure revolves around two worlds
known as celestial and inferior upon
learning that the worlds are slowly
drifting into each other a young girl
named mary is sent to inferior to
essentially warn them of the impending
catastrophe
upon crashing into the world she runs
into reed who serves as the game's main
protagonist
as with most rpgs they are made up of
many elements that manage to bring
life to the world in which they are set
this is where tales of eternia truly
excels
the amount of npcs and locations you'll
be running into
managed to add a real weight to each
environment
the events that unfold all the more
believable thanks to the lovable cast of
characters at the center of it all the
combat system plays out on a 2d plane
with the player having a wide selection
of options at their fingertips the main
one being a symbol combo attack
that soon opens up to far more
devastating abilities and even summons
that have the potential to turn the tide
of a fight in the blink of an eye it's a
surprisingly deep system that allows you
to experiment with what is on offer and
slowly settle into a groove it's quite
simply my favorite aspect of the game so
if you're on the lookout for an
enjoyable and deep rpg on the psp
look no further than tales of eternia
star ocean the first departure is
essentially a remake of the super
nintendo vision that released way back
in 1996.
it follows three main characters known
as roddick millie and don
who reside upon a planet named rogue the
group mainly
as protectors against bandits and even
though content they still
long for adventure this wish is granted
when word of a virus reaches their home
and they set out to ultimately get to
the bottom of it and find a way to cure
those infected in order to do so a time
bending
journey ensues and sees our heroes
traveling back in time to find a
solution
one thing that has always stood out to
me about star rosian is the battle
system and fierce departure is no
exception it's all presented in real
time with a series of combos being
afforded to the player as well as
character-specific abilities that can
all be nurtured and leveled up over the
course of the game an array of weapons
equipment and items all play a huge role
in overcoming some of the more demanding
situations that the game presents it's
not overly difficult but it possesses a
nice amount of challenge that is bound
to satisfy fans of the genre and those
looking for a compelling and rewarding
[Music]
experience valkyrie profile lenov is a
remake of a game that originally
appeared on the ps1 it manages to mix up
several genres together
mainly platforming puzzles and rpg into
a truly unforgettable experience
it sees players taking up the role of
lennon to essentially choose fallen
heroes and deliver them to heaven
it ties heavily into norse mythology and
centers upon a war of the gods known as
ragnarok
traversing primarily takes place from a
slight rolling perspective and involves
overcoming several puzzles in order to
progress
but what steals the show is the
intricate and challenging combat system
that manages to add an extra level of
strategy than most other rpgs it all
centers around an energy bar that slowly
rises the more you attack with each
party member being assigned to a face
button on a controller once it hits 100
you have the ability to unleash a
variety of finishing attacks and change
several together which soon become
a real joy to pull off making it a game
that well and truly deserves a spot in
any rpg
fans collection well that does it for
today's video don't forget to hit
subscribe to stay up to date on future
videos and as always
thanks for watching
[Music]
wow